README.md, before:

# discourse-locale-override

Simple plugin/boilerplate to override some of translations keys in Discourse and persist them between Docker rebuilds.
Can be used by translators, early adopters of young locales or communities with specific slang.

**This repository contains only `pl_PL` locale. See FAQ below if you need to override a different one.**

## Installation on top of Docker image

Add to your `/var/discourse/containers/app.yml`:

```ruby
hooks:
  after_code:
    - exec:
        cd: $home/plugins
        cmd:
          - mkdir -p plugins
          - git clone https://github.com/lidel/discourse-locale-override.git
```

Rebuild Discourse: `/var/discourse/launcher rebuild app`

## FAQ

### How can I use this to override locale X?

1. Fork this repository
2. Remove `config/locales/*.pl_PL.yml` files *(optional)*
3. Add `config/locales/*.xx_XX.yml` ones
   **Warning:** `xx_XX` should be the language code you want to *override*. Files have to be already present in [discourse/config/locales](https://github.com/discourse/discourse/tree/master/config/locales). **This is important:** adding non-existing locale codes will *break your instance*.
4. Update repository URL in Docker hook to point to your fork

### Where do I get original `.yml` files from?

There are two places I am aware of:
- Github: https://github.com/discourse/discourse/tree/master/config/locales
- Transifex: https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/discourse-org/

If you care about latest translations use Transifex.
Github is updated with Transifex changes about once a week.

### Can I override entire locale?

Yes, if your `.yml` file has translation for all keys the entire locale with be overridden.

### Can I override only one label?

Yes, but make sure you understand YAML and all key segments used in label key are present.
For example, to override `pl_PL.site_settings.enable_emoji` make sure that `config/locales/server.pl_PL.yml` has these three lines (one for each segment):

```
pl_PL:
  site_settings:
    enable_emoji: "Włącz wyświetlanie Emoji"
```

Commit message:

Added information about online YAML Validator

README.md, after:

# discourse-locale-override

Simple plugin/boilerplate to override some of translations keys in Discourse and persist them between Docker rebuilds.
Can be used by translators, early adopters of young locales or communities with specific slang.

**This repository contains only `pl_PL` locale. See FAQ below if you need to override a different one.**

## Installation on top of Docker image

Add to your `/var/discourse/containers/app.yml`:

```ruby
hooks:
  after_code:
    - exec:
        cd: $home/plugins
        cmd:
          - mkdir -p plugins
          - git clone https://github.com/lidel/discourse-locale-override.git
```

Rebuild Discourse: `/var/discourse/launcher rebuild app`

## FAQ

### How can I use this to override locale X?

1. Fork this repository
2. Remove `config/locales/*.pl_PL.yml` files *(optional)*
3. Add `config/locales/*.xx_XX.yml` ones
   **Warning:** `xx_XX` should be the language code you want to *override*. Files have to be already present in [discourse/config/locales](https://github.com/discourse/discourse/tree/master/config/locales). **This is important:** adding non-existing locale codes will *break your instance*.
4. **Crucial:** make sure your `.yml` files are valid by testing them at the [YAML Validator](http://www.yamllint.com)) before you commit them to your repo.
5. Update repository URL in Docker hook to point to your fork

### Where do I get original `.yml` files from?

There are two places I am aware of:
- Github: https://github.com/discourse/discourse/tree/master/config/locales
- Transifex: https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/discourse-org/

If you care about latest translations use Transifex.
Github is updated with Transifex changes about once a week.

### Can I override entire locale?

Yes, if your `.yml` file has translation for all keys the entire locale with be overridden.

### Can I override only one label?

Yes, but make sure you understand YAML and all key segments used in label key are present.
For example, to override `pl_PL.site_settings.enable_emoji` make sure that `config/locales/server.pl_PL.yml` has these three lines (one for each segment):

```
pl_PL:
  site_settings:
    enable_emoji: "Włącz wyświetlanie Emoji"
```
